the Riviera bakehouse was opened in 1994
mom and stepdad Peter and I joined up a
couple months after they opened and I
started out actually out front and then
I quickly moved into the cake room it's
good to have your mom's the boss but she
let me have a full creative brain and
just kept growing from there my name is
Lee Hanson I'm a cake decorator at the
Riviera Bakehouse the holidays are
probably the funnest part of the bakery
because we get to do a lot of really
interesting and creative cakes Halloween
is one of my favorites because I just go
crazy because you can really go over the
top with it you can be really fun and
whimsical I try to do some kind of glory
things
very colorful so the werewolf that we're
making is made out of chocolate cake and
we've baked it in a egg bowl I'm going
to carve out the eyes that's going to be
the snout sharp teeth music Annie's are
all made out of chocolate so here's your
werewolf
my ideas that I like and I'm inspired by
just start something
and surprised myself we're making
chocolate decorations to put on top of
our case it's going to be a tiered cake
I'm gonna do because we're going to
stack another cake on top
we have put dowels in otherwise the cake
on top will sink into the
and so now we're going to start
decorating
now we're going to put all the chocolate
decorations we made around the sides of
the cake it's going to look like a
graveyard
and there's our cave for today are
behaving a skeleton snake